when I got the call this year to do
Strictly Come Dancing and they said that
I was on the show I think that a lot of
different emotions ran through my mind I
think first of all I felt sick and then
I got very very very nervous and then I
think the excitement came in so I think
that a lot of different emotions I think
the one thing that I'm most looking
forward to on Strictly is really just
getting out of my comfort zone and
knowing that I can actually put my hand
to something else I think that I've been
doing long jump for so long and I've
kind of been so focused on that that
doing strictly is going to be fun but at
the same time a big challenge I've got
two contestants that I've liked the most
I think the first one was Alicia
obviously she was absolutely amazing and
I've kind of looked on the web and I've
looked at some of her dances and she's
absolutely amazing she so looks like a
professional dancer so I definitely
think that she was and she had
everything she knows she had the glitz
the glamour and she had the move so it
kind of was a whole package and I think
that my second favorite was definitely
John Sargent he made me laugh and he was
so cute and he was very cuddly and I
just wanted to squeeze him so he was
definitely my second favorite I don't
have one dance that I'm particularly
scared about I think I have a lot of
dice it's not i'm particularly scared
about especially every single one of the
ballroom dancers i think that they are
all going to be very hard and I don't
think it's really me I think I'm a
little bit more of a hipshaker and a bum
shaker so am i think the ballroom dances
are going to be my most feared dances so
make sure you tune in and watch me jay
johnson this autumn on BBC one on
Strictly Come Dancing